Document webhook option in ONVIF (#27431)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/onvif.markdown

Most of the ONVIF devices support more than one audio/video profile. Each profile provides different image quality, or in the case of an NVR, separate connected cameras. This integration will add entities for all compatible profiles with the video encoding set to H.264. Usually, the first profile has the highest quality and it is the profile used by default. However, you may want to use a lower quality image. You may disable unwanted entities through the Home Assistant UI.

{% include integrations/option_flow.md %}

| Option | Description |
| -------| ----------- |
| RTSP transport mechanism | RTSP transport protocols. The possible options are: `tcp`, `udp`, `udp_multicast`, `http`. |
| Extra FFmpeg arguments | Extra options to pass to `ffmpeg`, e.g., image quality or video filter options. More details in [`ffmpeg` integration](/integrations/ffmpeg). |
| Use wallclock as timestamps | ([Advanced Mode](/blog/2019/07/17/release-96/#advanced-mode) only) Rewrite the camera timestamps. This may help with playback or crashing issues from Wi-Fi cameras or cameras of certain brands (e.g., EZVIZ). |

> | Enable Webhooks | If the device supports notifications via a Webhook, the integration will attempt to setup the Webhook. Disable this option to force falling back to trying PullPoint if the device supports it. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Enable Webhooks | If the device supports notifications via a Webhook, the integration will attempt to set up a Webhook. Disable this option to force falling back to trying PullPoint if the device supports it. |
```
